Angular Auth Work Flow
----------------------

This is the work flow for my ang-realm project, which does user auth, i.e.
login, etc.  

The top level component, app, has a menu up on the top left. The menu options
are change password and logout. These are grayed out when no user is logged in.
The default router page is home, which is just a placeholder. Home checks 
whether a user is logged in or not. If logged in, route to the hello component,
which would be the beginning page of the app. If not logged in, route to 
login component.

Login presents a form for email & password. The form has a link on the bottom 
in case you are a new user; that goes to the register component. Filling
in the user credentials  and clicking submit tells the app to send a login
request to the back end. If that works, you get routed to the home component,
then to hello. If the login fails, display an error message. Note: the form
uses Angular validation to check the fields before you submit.

The register component displays a form for email and password (twice). When you
click submit (and validation is OK), the component gens a 5-digit confirm
number and emails it to the user's stated email address. A confirm field
becomes visible and you type the verification code in there. Now the submit
button causes the component to verify the code, then send a registration
request to the back end. If that succeeds, do a login request, then go to home, 
then hello.

Change password is accessed off the menu. That routes you to the change 
password component, which shows a menu for the new password (2X). The submit
button causes the program to send the request to my service. My service 
retrieves the email for the currently logged in user, then sends a change
request for that email + new password to the back end.

In summary, the default landing place for ang-realm is the home component.
Home enforces the login requirement by sending you off to the login 
component if nobody is logged in. The login form has a link for the case 
of a new user, which is the job of rhe register component. A logged in user
can select the change password function off a menu--that sends you to the changepassword component. And finally, the logoff menu option simply puts you back in
the state where no user is logged in.
